- I CAN'T BELIEVE WE'VE
BEEN HERE FOR THREE MONTHS.
- THREE GLORIOUS,
FUN-FILLED MONTHS.
FUN-FILLED, SUN-FILLED MONTHS.
- LET'S ALL LOOK UP
AND THINK ABOUT THEM NOW.
[upbeat music]
[bell dinging]
* *
[bear snarling]
[all screaming]
[together]
GOOD TIMES.
- AND THAT WAS JUST TODAY.
- HEY, GUYS.
I JUST STOPPED BY
TO DROP OFF YOUR TICKETS.
- OH, HOCKEY TICKETS?
- CONCERT TICKETS, HM?
- PLANE TICKETS.
YOU GUYS DO KNOW
THAT IF YOUR DEMOS
DON'T GET PICKED
BY THE RECORD COMPANY TOMORROW,
YOU'RE GOING BACK TO MINNESOTA.
[together]
WHAT?
- * AH, AH, AH-AH, OH *
- * MAKE IT COUNT,
PLAY IT STRAIGHT *
* DON'T LOOK BACK,
DON'T HESITATE *
- * WHEN YOU GO BIG TIME *
- * WHAT YOU WANT,
WHAT YOU FEEL *
* NEVER QUIT
AND MAKE IT REAL *
- * WHEN YOU ROLL BIG TIME *
- * OH-OH, OH-OH *
- * HEY, HEY *
- * LISTEN TO YOUR HEART NOW *
- * DON'T YOU FEEL THE RUSH *
- * UH-OH, UH-OH *
* UH-OH, UH-OH *
- * OH *
- * GO AND SHAKE IT UP *
* WHATCHA GOTTA LOSE? *
* GO AND MAKE YOUR LUCK *
* WITH THE LIFE YOU CHOOSE *
* IF YOU WANT IT ALL,
LAY IT ON THE LINE *
* IT'S THE ONLY LIFE YOU GOT
SO YOU GOT TO LIVE IT BIG TIME *
- * WANT TO BE FAMOUS *
[all speaking excitedly]
- WE DON'T WANT TO GO HOME.
WE WANT TO STAY HERE...
- AND GET FAMOUS.
- YEAH, ABOUT THAT...
TOO BAD!
IT'S BEEN THREE MONTHS.
THE DEMOS ARE DONE.
THAT WAS THE "DEAL."
- RIGHT...
WHAT ARE DEMOS AGAIN?
- THEY'RE THE SAMPLE SONGS
WE'VE BEEN RECORDING
THAT IF
THE RECORD COMPANY LIKES,
THEN YOU GET TO STAY HERE,
MAKE A FULL ALBUM,
GO ON TOUR,
AND THEN...
* YOU BECOME FAMOUS *
- BUT IF THEY DON'T PICK IT,
I TAKE OVER
MY FATHER'S SCOOTER BUSINESS,
AND YOU GO BACK TO MINNESOTA
AND BE NOBODIES AGAIN.
- AH!
- BUT WE'VE WORKED SO HARD.
WE'RE SO CLOSE.
- YOU'RE NOT SO CLOSE.
- WE'RE ALMOST THERE?
- HALFWAY THERE?
- YOU'RE ALMOST HALFWAY THERE.
NOW, I'M GOING TO GO
TO MY OFFICE.
PLEASE DO NOT FOLLOW ME.
- HOW COULD GRIFFIN
NOT PICK BIG TIME RUSH?
HE LOVES US.
- GRIFFIN LOVES ALL THE BANDS
WITH DEMOS,
AND THERE ARE SIX OF THEM,
BUT ONLY ONE GETS PICKED.
- AND THE ONE THAT EVERYBODY
IS TALKING ABOUT IS VAMPIRAH.
- AH!
- VAMPIRE DUDES WITH GUITARS.
WE'RE TOAST.
- HEY, HEY, HEY,
WE ARE NOT TOAST.
WHAT'S THE ONE THING
WE'VE LEARNED
SINCE WE'VE BEEN IN L.A.?
- THAT BLACK IS THE NEW BLACK.
- IF YOU DRINK COLD MILK
ON A HOT DAY, YOU DIE.
- THAT EVERY TIME
YOU LEAVE YOUR HOUSE,
YOUR TOYS COME ALIVE.
- THAT YOU DON'T WAIT
FOR YOUR DREAMS TO HAPPEN.
YOU MAKE THEM HAPPEN.
NOW, HOW DOES THE WINNING DEMO
GET PICKED?
- THAT IS A HIGHLY CLASSIFIED
CORPORATE SECRET
THAT NO ONE WILL TELL ME,
AND IT'S KILLING ME!
- GUYS, WE WANT THIS
AS BADLY AS YOU DO,
BUT ALL WE KNOW IS THAT
THE WINNING BAND IS PICKED
BY A TOP-SECRET ADVISER
VERY CLOSE TO GRIFFIN.
- [laughs]
YEAH, EWW, I JUST ENTERED
THIS TOTALLY UGLY OFFICE.
HOLD ON, I'M MINI BARFING.
[coughs]
I'M HERE TO PICK UP A CD
FROM BIG TIME...WHATEVER.
- I'M SORRY,
WHO ARE YOU?
- MERCEDES GRIFFIN,
AS IN YOUR BOSS' DAUGHTER.
I'LL CALL YOU BACK, JESS.
LIVIN' LARGE HERE
IS ABOUT TO START GROVELING.
- HEY, HA-HA,
I AM SO, SO SORRY.
UM, HERE...
HEY, UM, HERE IS THE DEMO.
UM, CAN I--CAN I GET YOU
A LATTE OR A YACHT?
- IS THIS THE BAND?
YOU GUYS ARE HOT.
- OH,
AND YOU'RE THE SECRET SOMEONE
WHO'S CLOSE TO GRIFFIN
WHO DECIDES THE WINNING DEMOS.
- THAT'S RIGHT,
I MAKE THE DECISIONS,
AND I JUST DECIDED THAT...
- [whines]
- YOU'RE MY NEW BOYFRIEND.
LET'S GO.
- WHAT?
I DON'T EVEN--
I DON'T EVEN KNOW HER.
HELP, HELP, HELP, HELP.
- THIS IS NOT RIGHT.
HOW COULD SHE PICK KENDALL
OVER ME?
- I DON'T WANT TO GO BACK HOME.
- I'M SORRY, HONEY,
BUT THE RECORD COMPANY
STOPS PAYING
FOR THIS APARTMENT TOMORROW,
AND WE CAN'T AFFORD
TO STAY HERE.
- [humming]
- UH, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- WELL, YOUR LEASE
IS UP TOMORROW,
SO I'M UPGRADING
TO THIS SWEET APARTMENT.
[laughs]
HAVE A PALMWOODS DAY.
- HEY!
- OW!
- WE STILL HAVE ONE DAY
TO RENEW.
- OH, WELL, IN THAT CASE,
I'LL NEED
A THREE MONTHS' DEPOSIT NOW.
- UH...
- I DIDN'T THINK SO.
IN FACT,
THE ONLY WAY YOU COULD RENEW
IS IF YOU GOT A JOB HERE
AT THE PALMWOODS
AND RECEIVED
OUR EMPLOYEE DISCOUNT.
UH, SORRY, NO JOBS AVAILABLE.
OW!
- BITTERS,
I CAN'T STAND WORKING FOR YOU,
SO I QUIT.
- HUH, LOOKS LIKE
THERE'S A JOB OPENING
FOR ASSISTANT MANAGER.
- UH, BUT YOUR MOM DOESN'T HAVE
ANY EXPERIENCE,
SO THIS PLACE WILL BE MINE.
[laughing evilly]
CHECKOUT'S AT NOON.
- YOU NEED A POWER SUIT
AND AN AWESOME RESUME.
- YOU HEARD WHAT HE SAID.
I DON'T HAVE
MANAGERIAL EXPERIENCE.
- YOU HAVEN'T SEEN
YOUR RESUME YET.
- WHAT?
- HURRY UP, NEW BOYFRIEND.
I HEARD THE PALMWOODS'
POOL SCENE IS FABTASTIC.
- [breathing heavily]
DO WE REALLY NEED ALL THIS STUFF
JUST FOR YOU
TO SIT BY THE POOL...
PUMPKIN?
- FROOPY CAN ONLY SIT
ON IMPORTED DOG BEDDING,
AND I ALWAYS BRING
MY OWN LOUNGE
SO I NEVER HAVE TO TOUCH
OTHER PEOPLE'S BUTT SWEAT.
NO MORE QUESTIONS.
- UGH, UGH...
OHH-OHH-OHHH.
- HEY, BIG GUY,
YOU'RE DOING A GREAT JOB.
- SHE'S HORRIBLE.
- BUT IF SHE LOVES YOU,
THEN SHE'LL PICK OUR DEMOS,
AND WE GET TO STAY IN L.A.,
AND WE'RE ALMOST HALFWAY THERE.
- HOW COULD SHE PICK YOU
OVER ME?
LOOK AT THIS.
- NOW, HERE'S
SOME SUBLIMINAL IMAGERY
THAT WILL HELP HER PICK
OUR DEMOS.
- OOH, AND SOME BREATH SPRAY
JUST IN CASE SHE GOES
TO KISS YOU.
- ACK, I HAVE TO KISS HER?
- WAIT!
- WE CAN'T LET YOU DO THIS.
- OHHH.
- NOT WITHOUT
THE PERFECT MOOD MUSIC
FOR YOUR POOL DATE
WITH MERCEDES.
- * MAKE IT COUNT,
PLAY IT STRAIGHT *
- YOU GOT THIS, BIG GUY.
GOOD LUCK.
- YOU'RE DOING IT.
YOU'RE DOING IT.
HE LOOKS GREAT.
- * WHAT YOU FEEL *
* NEVER QUIT
AND MAKE IT REAL *
- THIS IS RELAXING.
NOW FAN ME
AND MAKE DOLPHIN NOISES
SO I FEEL LIKE I'M IN CABO.
- [silently]
- * LISTEN TO YOUR HEART NOW *
- [imitating dolphin]
- ISN'T IT GREAT BEING IN LOVE,
NEW BOYFRIEND?
YOU LOVE ME TOO, RIGHT?
YOU HESITATED.
MAYBE I'LL HESITATE TO CHOOSE
YOUR DEMO AS THE WINNER.
I HEARD VAMPIRAH'S AMAZING.
[together]
YOU CAN'T. WHOA-WHOA-WHOA.
- OF COURSE HE LOVES YOU.
I MEAN, WHO--
WHO WOULDN'T LOVE YOU...
WITH YOUR HAIR AND YOUR HANDS
AND THAT RAT-DOG THING?
- IT'S LIKE YOU REALLY KNOW ME.
I'M BREAKING UP WITH YOU.
YOU'RE MY NEW BOYFRIEND.
NOW CARRY ME OUT
LIKE THEY DO IN THE MOVIES.
- OOH.
- OLD BOYFRIEND,
BRING MY STUFF UP LATER.
- OOH, HEH-HEH-HEH.
MY MOM WOULD LIKE TO APPLY
FOR THE
ASSISTANT MANAGER POSITION.
- UH, THAT'S RIGHT.
- SORRY, NOT QUALIFIED.
- SHE WAS THE MANAGER OF
A FIVE-STAR HOTEL IN MINNESOTA
FOR TEN YEARS,
SPEAKS SEVEN LANGUAGES,
AND CAN GO A WEEK
WITHOUT WATER.
- WELL, THE APPROVAL PROCESS
IS VERY LONG
AND MUST BE APPROVED
BY A REGIONAL MANAGER, SO...
- WHAT'S THIS?
- REGIONAL MANAGER TAYLOR,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
- CHECKING UP ON YOU.
- [gulps]
- HARVARD, NICE.
YOU GOT THE JOB.
- BUT--
- EHH...
SHE WAS THE AMBASSADOR
TO JAPAN.
NOW, GO GET HER
A PALMWOODS JACKET.
COME ON, CHOP-CHOP.
- YES, SIR.
- I DIDN'T MANAGE A HOTEL
BACK IN MINNESOTA.
I WAS A WAITRESS.
- OH, PLEASE,
HOW HARD CAN IT BE?
- FINE,
HERE'S YOUR PALMWOODS JACKET
AND YOUR PALMWOODS PLUNGER.
YOUR FIRST ASSIGNMENT
IS TO UNCLOG THE TOILET IN 3-R.
CHOP-CHOP.
SHE WON'T LAST A DAY
ON THIS JOB,
AND THAT APARTMENT
WILL BE ALL MINE.
[laughs evilly]
OW!
WHO THREW THAT?
[upbeat music]
* *
- WHERE ARE MY HOMEMADE
FRESH-BAKED COOKIES,
NEW BOYFRIEND?
- COMING RIGHT UP, POOKY.
[screams]
OH, I GOT IT.
I GOT IT.
HA-HA-HA.
HERE YOU GO, SWEETUMS.
IT'S MY GRANDMA'S RECIPE.
- PTHEW!
THESE ARE
THE WORST COOKIES EVER.
- OHH, WELL, I'M NOT MY GRANDMA.
I'M A HOCKEY PLAYER.
- WELL, MAYBE THAT'S WHY
THESE TASTE LIKE HOCKEY PUCKS.
[dog barks]
I WONDER IF VAMPIRAH
MAKES GREAT COOKIES.
I GUESS I'LL FIND OUT
WHEN I PICK THEM
AND NOT BIG-TIME CRUD!
- AHH!
STOP IT.
PLEASE, STOP.
OW! OW!
STOP!
[gasping]
- THIS LOOKS WEIRD, RIGHT?
- WHO CARES?
GET BACK IN THERE.
- OKAY, WE'RE CLOSE TO NEAR
TO ALMOST BEING HALFWAY THERE.
- YEAH, GO ON.
- I CAN'T GO BACK.
SHE HURTS ME.
- ARE YOU TALKING BEHIND MY BACK
WITH SHOWER PEOPLE?
- NO...APPLE BLOSSOM.
[all screaming]
- YOU LIED TO ME.
WE'RE FINISHED.
MY NEW BOYFRIEND IS...
HIM.
- HIM?
DO YOU NOT SEE THIS, HUH?
- LET'S GO, NEW BOYFRIEND.
WE'RE GONNA DYE YOUR HAIR
TO MATCH MY BAG.
- NO.
- SO YOU GONNA DO
THE RIGHT THING?
- NO...I AM.
HOLD MY LOOFAH.
- HEY, YOU'RE MY OLD BOYFRIEND.
WHERE'S MY NEW BOYFRIEND?
- HE'S DUMPING YOU...
- WHAT?
[together]
WHAT?
- WHAT?
- BECAUSE YOU'RE SPOILED,
PUSHY,
MEAN, AND HE AND ME AND WE
WOULD ALL RATHER GO BACK
TO MINNESOTA
THAN SPEND ONE MORE SECOND
PRETENDING TO BE YOUR BOYFRIEND.
AND, MAN,
IT FELT GOOD TO SAY THAT.
- WELL,
LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING.
THERE IS NO WAY
I'M PICKING YOUR DEMOS NOW.
BIG TIME RUSH
IS BIG-TIME DONE.
[all screaming]
- WHAT?
[all groaning]
- SO...
WHAT DO WE DO NOW?
- * AH, AH, AH-AH, OH *
- YOU GUYS CAN HOLD
YOUR HEADS HIGH.
MOST BANDS DON'T EVEN MAKE IT
ALMOST HALFWAY THERE.
- SHE'S RIGHT.
I AM VERY,
VERY PROUD OF YOU GUYS.
AHHHH!
I'M FINE.
SCOOTERS!
NO, I'M NOT.
- AND SHE'S PROBABLY
ON HER WAY RIGHT NOW
TO TELL HER DAD
TO PICK VAMPIRAH.
[all screaming]
- LOOK, I KNOW WE HAVEN'T
ALL DATED THAT LONG,
BUT I JUST WANTED
TO COME BACK TO SAY...
[sighs]
I'M SORRY.
- YEAH, YOU SHOULD BE SORRY.
HOW COULD YOU PICK THEM
OVER ME?
- BECAUSE I NEVER DATE
ANYONE PRETTIER THAN ME.
- I'M BETTER NOW.
- AND KENDALL'S RIGHT.
I'M A RICH, SPOILED BULLY
WHO DRESSES HOT
AND THINKS
YOUR SONGS ARE GREAT.
- SO YOU'RE GONNA PICK
BIG TIME RUSH.
- WE'RE HALFWAY THERE!
[together]
YEAH!
- YEAH,
I DON'T CHOOSE THE WINNING BAND.
[together]
WHAT?
- YOU'RE NOT
THE TOP-SECRET MUSIC ADVISER?
- SEE, MY DAD ASKED ME
TO PICK UP THE DEMOS
BECAUSE IT WAS ON MY WAY,
BUT I LET YOU BELIEVE
I CHOOSE THE WINNING BAND
BECAUSE YOU'RE CUTE,
AND...
[sobbing]
I LOVE MANIPULATING PEOPLE.
- OH, THERE, THERE, MERCEDES.
THE BOYS FORGIVE YOU.
NOW...
HOW DO THE DEMOS GET PICKED?
- WELL,
FIRST DADDY LOOKS AT THE DEMOS
TO MAKE SURE THAT
THE COVERS ARE SHINY.
FROM THERE,
THE GUY WITH WHITE GLOVES
TAKES THEM TO AN UNMARKED DOOR
AT THE END OF A CORRIDOR.
- WHITE GLOVES CONFIRMED.
- FINALLY,
HE PLACES THEM ON THE DESK
OF DADDY'S TOP-SECRET
MUSIC EXPERT...
LO-LO, THE MILLION-DOLLAR
HIT-PREDICTING SUPER CHIMP.
- [chattering]
[together]
A MONKEY PICKS THE DEMOS?
- NO, A CHIMP,
AND IF HE CLAPS, YOU'RE IN,
BUT IF HE MAKES A FART NOISE,
YOU'RE OUT.
AND SOMETIMES I THINK
DADDY LOVES LO-LO MORE THAN ME.
[sobbing]
- THERE, THERE, MERCEDES.
IT'S OKAY.
DON'T CRY.
NOW, DO YOU HAVE A SECURITY CARD
TO YOUR DAD'S BUILDING?
- OH, PLEASE.
WHAT ARE YOU GUYS GONNA DO,
CHIMPNAP LO-LO AND TRAIN HIM
TO LOVE BIG TIME RUSH?
- [chattering]
- I WAS KIDDING.
- BUT THE PLAN WORKED PERFECTLY.
[all speaking excitedly]
- DON'T WE HAVE
A MAINTENANCE MAN TO HANDLE
ALL TOILET EMERGENCIES?
- YEAH, HERE, I'LL TAKE THAT.
- NO, I NEED YOU TO...
CUT DOWN A TREE
UP ON THE NORTH HILL.
- WHAT TREE?
- PICK ONE.
MY NEW ASSISTANT MANAGER
IS IN CHARGE OF ALL CLOGGINGS.
- SWEET.
- BUT FIRST,
I NEED YOU TO REORGANIZE
ALL THE LEASE FILES,
DISINFECT THE GYM,
SKIM THE POOL SCUM,
AND EVICT THE ANGRY GIANT
FROM 3-K
FOR NOT PAYING HIS RENT.
AND IF YOU NEED ME...
DON'T.
I'LL BE IN MY OFFICE...
WORKING.
[laughs]
- SHE CAN SO HANDLE THAT.
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
- MORAL SUPPORT.
- YOU THINK YOU'VE WON
BY KEEPING THIS JOB,
BUT YOU HAVEN'T,
BECAUSE YOU'LL BE DOING
ALL MY WORK FOR ME.
WHERE ARE YOU?
[together]
OVER HERE.
- AND IF YOU QUIT,
I GET YOUR APARTMENT,
SO I CAN'T LOSE.
[laughing evilly]
- WELL, MORAL SUPPORT DONE.
I'M OFF TO THE POOL.
- STOP RIGHT THERE,
MISS "I WANT TO STAY IN L.A.,"
AND,
"MY MOM WAS A HOTEL MANAGER."
- NOW, ACCORDING TO PAVLOV,
ANIMALS CAN BE TRAINED
TO ASSOCIATE POSITIVE FEELINGS
WITH CERTAIN STIMULI,
SUCH AS SIGHT, SMELLS,
AND....
- BIG TIME RUSH DEMOS.
- EXACTLY.
WE'RE GONNA TRAIN LO-LO
TO PICK THE BIG TIME RUSH DEMOS
THROUGH THE
POSITIVE REINFORCEMENT OF...
BANANAS.
LO-LO...
TASTY BANANAS.
- BIG TIME RUSH...
- * MAKE IT COUNT,
PLAY IT STRAIGHT *
* DON'T LOOK BACK *
- MORE BANANAS.
- * WHEN YOU GO BIG TIME *
- MORE BIG TIME RUSH.
- * ANY KIND OF GUY
YOU WANT, GIRL *
* THAT'S THE KIND I'LL BE *
- HE'S CLAPPING.
IT'S WORKING.
- HALFWAY THERE,
AND HERE WE COME.
- EVEN MORE BANANAS.
- EVEN MORE BIG TIME RUSH.
- * STUDDED
SUPERMODEL MAGAZINE *
* YOU CAN DO IT *
- HE'S PICKED UP THE BANANAS.
IS THAT A GOOD SIGN?
- AHH!
[together]
NO. NO. NO.
OW! NO! NO!
WHOA! WHOA! WHOA!
[all screaming]
- WELL, HE EITHER
REALLY LOVED THAT SONG...
OR REALLY HATED IT.
- AHHH!
[knocking]
- WHAT?
- I'M THE NEW ASSISTANT MANAGER,
AND I'M AFRAID YOU'RE
IN VIOLATION OF YOUR LEASE,
SO I'M GONNA HAVE TO
ASK YOU TO...
- [sinister laughter]
- YOU'RE NOT A VERY GOOD
ASSISTANT MANAGER, ARE YOU?
- I AM DOING THIS FOR YOU,
AND I AM
AN AWESOME ASSISTANT MANAGER.
- WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?
BECAUSE THAT IS ONE BIG,
SCARY DUDE.
- [grunting]
- BOATER BOB.
- HUH?
- I'M YOUR BOSS.
- UH...OKAY.
- SO...
- OH, YEAH, NO PROBLEM.
HMMPH!
- WHAT THE...
[chain saw buzzing]
ARE YOU CRAZY?
- [laughs]
- YOU'RE CRAZY!
AHHHHH!
- [screaming maniacally]
- AHHH!
I AM OUT OF HERE.
- DARN IT!
HELLO.
- YOU KNOW, THE SCOOTER
IS THE SENSIBLE SOLUTION
FOR TODAY'S HIGH GAS PRICES,
POLLUTION,
AND OFFERS SENIORS
INCREASED MOBILITY, AND--
AHHHHH!
- YOU KNOW,
WE ARE NOT GIVING UP.
WE'RE ALMOST HALFWAY THERE,
AND ANOTHER THING I'VE LEARNED
SINCE COMING TO L.A.
IS THAT TOGETHER,
WE CAN DO ANYTHING.
- LOOK WHO I FOUND HITCHHIKING
ON THE HOLLYWOOD FREEWAY.
- YEAH, WE'RE DONE.
- I AM DEEPLY DISAPPOINTED
IN ALL OF YOU,
BUT I'M ALSO CURIOUS.
WHAT HAPPENED?
HELP ME OUT.
- IT'S MY FAULT, DADDY.
I LIED TO THEM, AND I MADE THEM
BE MY BOYFRIENDS,
AND THEN I ATE TERRIBLE COOKIES,
AND THEN I CRIED,
AND THEN I HELPED THEM
CHIMPNAP LO-LO,
AND...I LOVE YOU.
- IS THAT TRUE?
BECAUSE SHE LIES...
A LOT.
- IT'S ALL OF OUR FAULTS.
- WE REALLY WANT TO STAY HERE
IN L.A. AND MAKE AN ALBUM...
- AND A TOUR..
- AND BE FAMOUS...
- BUT WE MAY HAVE GONE
A LITTLE TOO FAR.
- SORRY?
- THOSE ARE A LOT OF SENTENCES
CONTAINING WORDS,
CONTAINING LETTERS,
AND I ADMIRE
YOUR PASSION AND DEDICATION,
BUT IT DOESN'T CHANGE THE FACT
THAT LO-LO PICKS
WHICH DEMOS WIN.
SO WHAT DO YOU SAY, LO-LO?
DO YOU LIKE BIG TIME RUSH?
[intense music]
* *
- THBBBT!
- OOOH, THE FART NOISE.
SORRY, BOYS, VAMPIRAH WINS.
- LO-LO'S WRONG, DADDY.
THE VAMPIRE FAD HAS ONE,
TWO YEARS LEFT, MAX.
THESE GUYS' SONGS
HAVE INFECTIOUS MELODIES,
CLASSIC POP HOOKS,
AND BIG TIME RUSH WILL CRUSH
THE 6- TO 16-YEAR-OLD
DEMOGRAPHIC,
WHICH IS YOUR CORE
MUSIC-BUYING BASE.
- WOW.
LO-LO, I'M TRANSFERRING YOU
TO MISSILE DEFENSE.
MERCEDES, YOU'RE MY NEW
HIT-PREDICTING ADVISER,
AND THIS WAY, WE'LL GET TO SPEND
MORE TIME TOGETHER.
BIG TIME RUSH WINS!
[all screaming]
ANYTHING ELSE FOR MY PRINCESS?
- WELL, I NEVER REALLY GOT
A CHANCE TO DATE LOGAN.
- LOGAN, YOU'RE
MERCEDES' NEW BOYFRIEND.
- AH-AH!
- NOW GET TO WORK.
WE NEED SOME NEW SONGS
FOR THE BIG TIME RUSH ALBUM.
- I'VE ALREADY GOT ONE.
MOVE OUT.
[together]
WHOO!
[upbeat music]
- * WHEN THE CHIPS ARE DOWN *
* BACK AGAINST THE WALL *
- * GOT NO MORE TO GIVE
'CAUSE WE GAVE IT ALL *
- * SEEMS LIKE GOING
THE DISTANCE IS UNREALISTIC *
- * BUT WE'RE TOO FAR
FROM THE START *
- * SO WE TAKE WHAT COMES
AND WE KEEP ON GOING *
* LEANING ON
EACH OTHER'S SHOULDERS *
* THEN WE TURN AROUND *
* AND SEE WE'VE COME
SO FAR SOMEHOW *
[together]
* WE'RE HALFWAY THERE *
* WE'RE LOOKING GOOD NOW *
* AND NOTHING'S GONNA GET
IN THE WAY *
* WE'RE HALFWAY THERE
AND LOOKING BACK NOW *
* I NEVER THOUGHT
THAT I'D EVER SAY *
* WE'RE HALFWAY THERE *
* *
- * IF WE NEVER FLEW
WE WOULD NEVER FALL *
* IF THE WORLD WAS OURS,
WE WOULD HAVE IT ALL *
* BUT THE LIFE WE LIVE
ISN'T SO SIMPLISTIC *
* YOU JUST DON'T GET
WHAT YOU WANT *
- * SO WE TAKE WHAT COMES
AND WE KEEP ON GOING *
* LEANING ON
EACH OTHER'S SHOULDERS *
* THEN WE TURN AROUND *
* AND SEE
WE'VE COME SO FAR SOMEHOW *
[together]
* WE'RE HALFWAY THERE *
* WE'RE LOOKING GOOD NOW *
* AND NOTHING'S GONNA GET
IN THE WAY *
* WE'RE HALFWAY THERE
AND LOOKING BACK NOW *
* I NEVER THOUGHT
THAT I'D EVER SAY *
* WE'RE HALFWAY THERE *
- * OH, WE'RE HALFWAY THERE *
- * HALFWAY THERE *
* WE'RE HALFWAY THERE *
- * OH, WE'RE HALFWAY THERE *
- * YEAH, WE'RE HALFWAY THERE *
- WHOO!
- I LIKE IT.
- FINE, YOU GET TO STAY
IN YOUR APARTMENT.
both: YES!
- YOU STILL HAVE TO DO
EVERYTHING I SAY,
BECAUSE I'M YOUR BOSS,
AND I WILL MAKE EVERY DAY
HERE FOR YOU AT THE PALMWOODS
WORSE THAN THE LAST.
- I NEED TO RENEW
THE LEASE FOR 2-J.
- WE'RE GONNA MAKE
A FULL ALBUM...
- AND PROBABLY A CONCERT TOUR...
- AND BE FAMOUS.
- I QUIT,
AND I GAVE BOATER BOB
THE REST OF THE DAY OFF.
- WHAT ROOM?
- 3-B, AND IT'S BAD.
- WHOA.
- WELL, I GUESS
WE'RE NOT GOING HOME.
- ACTUALLY, MOM,
I THINK WE ARE HOME.
- RACE YOU TO THE POOL.
- OH, YEAH, RIGHT.
[all speaking excitedly]
Captioning by CaptionMax
www.captionmax.com
- * GOT TO GO BIG TIME *
- * MAKE IT WORK,
GET IT RIGHT *
* CHANGE THE WORLD OVERNIGHT *
- * GOT TO DREAM BIG TIME *
- * OH-OH, OH-OH *
- * HEY, HEY *
- * GIVE IT ALL YOU GOT NOW *
- * ISN'T IT A RUSH *
- * UH-OH, UH-OH *
* UH-OH, UH-OH *
- * GO AND SHAKE IT UP *
* WHATCHA GOTTA LOSE *
* GO AND MAKE YOUR LUCK
WITH THE LIFE YOU CHOOSE *
* IF YOU WANT IT ALL,
LAY IT ON THE LINE *
* IT'S THE ONLY LIFE YOU GOT
SO YOU GOTTA LIVE IT BIG TIME *